docs: Promptfoo Target Scanning Agent (#4025)
promptfoo/promptfoo: site/docs/guides/llm-redteaming.md

}
```

## Step 2: Configure your target

> Promptfoo supports red teaming against various language models and AI services, known as _Targets_. Promptfoo supports a [variety of targets](/docs/providers) such as LLM APIs (e.g. OpenAI, Anthropic, Ollama, etc.), RAGs, or agentic applications you've built yourself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Promptfoo supports red teaming against a [variety of targets](/docs/providers), including LLM APIs (like OpenAI, Anthropic, or Ollama), RAG pipelines, agentic applications, and custom endpoints.
```

Targets are configured with the `targets` property in `promptfooconfig.yaml`.

### LLM APIs

Promptfoo supports [many LLM providers](/docs/providers) including OpenAI, Anthropic, Mistral, Azure, Groq, Perplexity, Cohere, and more. In most cases all you need to do is set the appropriate API key environment variable.

> You should choose at least one target. If desired, set multiple in order to compare their performance in the red team eval. In this example, we're comparing performance of GPT, Claude, and Llama:

Reviewer 2: not your change but we should remove the `set multiple` phrase from this.

```yaml
targets:
  - openai:gpt-4o

>   - anthropic:messages:claude-3-5-sonnet-20241022

Reviewer: consider adding an `# or` to separate these, please also update the model ids!

  - ollama:chat:llama3.1:70b

redteam:

>   purpose: You are a helpful travel assistant that helps users plan their trips.

Reviewer: do we still want or need this field?

```

:::tip
LLM APIs require a [manually defined](/docs/red-team/configuration/#manual-definition) `redteam.purpose` key/value pair for optimal test generation quality.
:::

### Executables

> If you have a RAG pipeline or agentic workflow that is interfaced via an executable, you can include them in your project like this:

Reviewer 2: that sentence is a little awkward, how about:

`You can test a RAG or Agent using a python file or an executable like this:

  - file://path/to/python_agent.py
  # Any executable can be run with the `exec:` directive
  - exec:/path/to/shell_agent
  # HTTP requests can be made with the `webhook:` directive

>   - webhook:<http://localhost:8000/api/agent>

Reviewer 2: why did you remove this?

Author: From the minimal documentation on the Webhook Provider, it seems like a watered down version of the HTTP provider? I changed this section to "Executables" and "HTTP Endpoints" is directly below (and generally found the distinction between the Webhook and HTTP providers confusing (_when to use which?_)).

>   - webhook:<http://localhost:8000/api/agent>

Reviewer: use the http provider instead

```

To learn more, see:

- [Javascript provider](/docs/providers/custom-api/)
- [Python provider](/docs/providers/python)
- [Exec provider](/docs/providers/custom-script) (Used to run any executable from any programming language)

> - [Webhook provider](/docs/providers/webhook) (HTTP requests, useful for testing an app that is online or running locally)

Reviewer: You should reference the http provider here

> :::

Reviewer 2: I'd remove the instruction about supporting multiple targets instead of adding this tip.

You can also reference nested objects. For example, `json.choices[0].message.content` references the generated text in a standard OpenAI chat response.

:::tip

> Although the `targets` property supports multiple values, we recommend targeting a single HTTP endpoint per config.

Reviewer: You don't need this tip here, you can offer clearer guidance by limiting the targets above

> :::

Reviewer 2: this is a duplicate and doesn't really make sense here

### Promptfoo Target Scanning Agent (PTSA)

> When scanning an Executable or HTTP endpoint, we recommend using the [Promptfoo Target Scanning Agent (PTSA)](/docs/red-team/ptsa) to automatically discover the target's purpose, capabilities, and constraints. This requires no additional configuration.

Reviewer: what is an Executable? This should be part of the section on purpose discovery.

> 

Reviewer 2: This doesn't make sense, it says we "recommend using" but then it says "requires no additional configuration". The first phrase makes it sounds like it's optional.
